“Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.”
? Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray 

“The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.”
? Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray 

Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Oscar Wilde

“Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.”
- Oscar Wilde

Nikad ne vjeruj sjaju u ocima žene! To je vjerojatno svjetlo što prodire kroz njenu šuplju glavu.
tesla

“To define is to limit.”
- Oscar Wilde

“I don’t want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.”
- Oscar Wilde

“Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.”
- Oscar Wilde

“Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend’s success.”
- Oscar Wilde

Live! Live the wonderful life that is in you! Let nothing be lost upon you. Be always searching for new sensations. Be afraid of nothing.”
- Oscar Wilde

“Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the difference.” 
Oscar Wilde

“Never argue with an idiot. They will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.” 
George Carlin

“In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.”
? Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 

“Hallucinations are bad enough. But after awhile you learn to cope with things like seeing your dead grandmother crawling up your leg with a knife in her teeth. Most acid fanciers can handle this sort of thing. But nobody can handle that other trip-the possibility that any freak with $1.98 can walk into the Circus-Circus and suddenly appear in the sky over downtown Las Vegas twelve times the size of God, howling anything that comes into his head. No, this is not a good town for psychedelic drugs.”
? Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 

“Maybe it meant something. Maybe not, in the long run, but no explanation, no mix of words
or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that
corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.”
? Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 

“Take it from me, there's nothing like a job well done. Except the quiet enveloping darkness
at the bottom of a bottle of Jim Beam after a job done any way at all.”
? Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 

“With a bit of luck, his life was ruined forever. Always thinking that just behind some narrow
door in all of his favorite bars, men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from
things he’ll never know.”
? Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 

“Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster.
 And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.” 
Friedrich Nietzchse, Beyond Good and Evil

“So many books, so little time.”
? Frank Zappa

“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.”
? Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince and Other Stories 

“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”
? William Shakespeare, As You Like It 

“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”
? Thomas A. Edison

“Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.”
? Mark Twain

"When solving a problem of interest, do not solve a more general problem as an intermediate step." 
Vladimir Vapnik 

“That which does not kill us makes us stronger.”
? Friedrich Nietzsche

“I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.”
? Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt 

“If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.”
? Albert Einstein

“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”
? Albert Einstein

“Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.”
? Charles Bukowski

“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.”
? Albert Einstein

“The truth is rarely pure and never simple.”
? Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest 

“I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.”
? Edgar Allan Poe

“Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources”
? C.E.M. Joad

“You can never be overdressed or overeducated.”
? Oscar Wilde

“If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there”
? George Harrison

Learning never exhausts the mind.
Leonardo da Vinci 

There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Aldous Huxley 

The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Lao Tzu 

Not all those who wander are lost. 
J. R. R. Tolkien

If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Milton Berle 

Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Marcel Proust 

The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Socrates 

Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha 

All models are wrong; some models are useful. 
George E. P. Box

Buy the ticket, take the ride. 
Hunter S. Thompson

Man, being reasonable, must get drunk; the best of life is but intoxication. 
Lord Byron

I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone. 
Lord Byron

For pleasures past I do not grieve, nor perils gathering near; My greatest grief is that I leave nothing that claims a tear. 
Lord Byron

The true method of knowledge is experiment. 
William Blake

You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough. 
William Blake

Prisons are built with stones of Law. Brothels with the bricks of religion. 
William Blake

To generalize is to be an idiot. 
William Blake

 Fear not for the future, weep not for the past. 
 Percy Bysshe Shelley

As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. 
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

 Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. 
 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

 All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own. 
 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 
 Character is formed in the stormy billows of the world. 
 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 
 There is nothing insignificant in the world. It all depends on the point of view. 
 Johann Wolfgang von Goethe









